README.md, before:

# Stack Automate Tasks for Ruby on Rails

Can split an stack for automate tasks in Ruby on Rails:

-   Tests
-   Code Quality
-   Deploy
-   Monitoring

## Tests

-   rspec
-   factorybot
-   VCR
-   Knapsack

### Rspec

The [Rspec](https://rspec.info) Behaviour Driven Development for Ruby. Making TDD Productive and Fun.

See [documentation](https://rspec.info/documentation/).

### Factorybot

The FactoryBot is a widely used tool in the development of Ruby on Rails applications, because it allows prototyping model instances of your system with all of them as necessary features for testing.

See [documentation](https://github.com/thoughtbot/factory_bot#documentation)

[Demo](https://youtu.be/ef82mR9Mm8Q)

### VCR

Record your test suite's HTTP interactions and replay them during future test runs for fast, deterministic, accurate tests.

See [documentation](https://github.com/vcr/vcr#usage)

[Demo](https://youtu.be/kBKuHPdE5Kg)

### Knapsack

Knapsack splits tests evenly across parallel CI nodes to run fast CI build and save you time.

See [documentation](https://github.com/KnapsackPro/rails-app-with-knapsack#rails-app-with-knapsack)

[Demo](https://docs.knapsackpro.com/2018/clean-rspec-configuration-directory-structure-for-ruby-on-rails-gems-needed-in-testing)

## Code Quality

-   simplecov
-   rubocop
-   reek
-   breakman

### simplecov

SimpleCov is a code coverage analysis tool for Ruby. It uses Ruby's built-in Coverage library to gather code coverage data, but makes processing its results much easier by providing a clean API to filter, group, merge, format, and display those results, giving you a complete code coverage suite that can be set up with just a couple lines of code. SimpleCov/Coverage track covered ruby code, gathering coverage for common templating solutions like erb, slim and haml is not supported.

See [documentation](https://github.com/simplecov-ruby/simplecov#getting-started)

[Demo](https://youtu.be/uM762RLy99c)

### rubocop

RuboCop is a Ruby static code analyzer (a.k.a. linter) and code formatter.

See [documentation](https://github.com/rubocop/rubocop#documentation)

[Demo](https://youtu.be/sfOGjcMVQ9U)

### reek

Reek is a tool that examines Ruby classes, modules and methods and reports any Code Smells it finds.

See [documentation](https://github.com/troessner/reek/#quickstart)

### breakman

Brakeman is a static analysis tool which checks Ruby on Rails applications for security vulnerabilities.

See [documentation](http://brakemanscanner.org/docs/)

See [github brakeman](https://github.com/presidentbeef/brakeman#brakeman)

[Demo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DHHHnPwSY5I&t=3306s)

## Deploy

-   LayerCI
-   Github
-   Heroku

### LayerCI

Layer creates fully migrated environments in 10 seconds.

See [documentation](https://layerci.com/docs/home/what-is-layer)

[Demo](https://layerci.com/blog/may-2021-layerci-github-demo/)

[Academy](https://layerci.com/academy/)

[rails](https://layerci.com/docs/examples/rails)

### Github

GitHub is where over 65 million developers shape the future of software, together. Contribute to the open source community, manage your Git repositories

See [documentation](https://docs.github.com/en)

[Demo](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart)

### Heroku

Heroku is a platform as a service (PaaS) that enables developers to build, run, and operate applications entirely in the cloud.

See [documentation](https://www.heroku.com/ruby)

[Demo](https://www.heroku.com/ruby#see-it-in-action)

## Monitoring

-   Sentry
-   New Relic
-   Logentries
-   Posthog

### Sentry

From error tracking to performance monitoring, developers can see what actually matters, solve quicker, and learn continuously about their applications - from the frontend to the backend.

See [documentation](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/ruby/guides/rails/)

[Demo](https://youtu.be/jBwYW1TotfQ)

### New Relic

[New Relic](https://youtu.be/l0niBGRWk-A) One helps engineers create more perfect software. Instrument, analyze, troubleshoot, and optimize your entire software stack.

See [documentation](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/agents/ruby-agent/installation/install-new-relic-ruby-agent/)

[Demo](https://youtu.be/c-joU6-wi8U)

### Logentries

The Fastest Way to Analyze Your Log Data. No complex setup. No waiting. Just answers.

See [documentation](https://docs.logentries.com/docs/ruby)

[Demo](https://docs.logentries.com/docs/ruby)

### Posthog

The platform for building better products. Analytics with autocapture, session recordings, feature flags, heatmaps and more. In a single product you can host yourself.

See [documentation](https://posthog.com/docs)

[Demo](https://posthog.com/docs/tutorials/feature-flags)

Commit message:

docs: an example stack for ruby on rails automation

README.md, after:

# Stack Automate Tasks for Ruby on Rails

Here is basically an example stack for Ruby on Rails automation.

Can split an stack for automate tasks in Ruby on Rails:

-   Tests
-   Code Quality
-   Deploy
-   Monitoring

---

## Tests

-   rspec
-   factorybot
-   VCR
-   Knapsack

### Rspec

The [Rspec](https://rspec.info) Behaviour Driven Development for Ruby. Making TDD Productive and Fun.

See [documentation](https://rspec.info/documentation/).

### Factorybot

The FactoryBot is a widely used tool in the development of Ruby on Rails applications, because it allows prototyping model instances of your system with all of them as necessary features for testing.

See [documentation](https://github.com/thoughtbot/factory_bot#documentation)

[Demo](https://youtu.be/ef82mR9Mm8Q)

### VCR

Record your test suite's HTTP interactions and replay them during future test runs for fast, deterministic, accurate tests.

See [documentation](https://github.com/vcr/vcr#usage)

[Demo](https://youtu.be/kBKuHPdE5Kg)

### Knapsack

Knapsack splits tests evenly across parallel CI nodes to run fast CI build and save you time.

See [documentation](https://github.com/KnapsackPro/rails-app-with-knapsack#rails-app-with-knapsack)

[Demo](https://docs.knapsackpro.com/2018/clean-rspec-configuration-directory-structure-for-ruby-on-rails-gems-needed-in-testing)

## Code Quality

-   simplecov
-   rubocop
-   reek
-   breakman

### simplecov

SimpleCov is a code coverage analysis tool for Ruby. It uses Ruby's built-in Coverage library to gather code coverage data, but makes processing its results much easier by providing a clean API to filter, group, merge, format, and display those results, giving you a complete code coverage suite that can be set up with just a couple lines of code. SimpleCov/Coverage track covered ruby code, gathering coverage for common templating solutions like erb, slim and haml is not supported.

See [documentation](https://github.com/simplecov-ruby/simplecov#getting-started)

[Demo](https://youtu.be/uM762RLy99c)

### rubocop

RuboCop is a Ruby static code analyzer (a.k.a. linter) and code formatter.

See [documentation](https://github.com/rubocop/rubocop#documentation)

[Demo](https://youtu.be/sfOGjcMVQ9U)

### reek

Reek is a tool that examines Ruby classes, modules and methods and reports any Code Smells it finds.

See [documentation](https://github.com/troessner/reek/#quickstart)

### breakman

Brakeman is a static analysis tool which checks Ruby on Rails applications for security vulnerabilities.

See [documentation](http://brakemanscanner.org/docs/)

See [github brakeman](https://github.com/presidentbeef/brakeman#brakeman)

[Demo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DHHHnPwSY5I&t=3306s)

## Deploy

-   LayerCI
-   Github
-   Heroku

### LayerCI

Layer creates fully migrated environments in 10 seconds.

See [documentation](https://layerci.com/docs/home/what-is-layer)

[Demo](https://layerci.com/blog/may-2021-layerci-github-demo/)

[Academy](https://layerci.com/academy/)

[rails](https://layerci.com/docs/examples/rails)

### Github

GitHub is where over 65 million developers shape the future of software, together. Contribute to the open source community, manage your Git repositories

See [documentation](https://docs.github.com/en)

[Demo](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart)

### Heroku

Heroku is a platform as a service (PaaS) that enables developers to build, run, and operate applications entirely in the cloud.

See [documentation](https://www.heroku.com/ruby)

[Demo](https://www.heroku.com/ruby#see-it-in-action)

## Monitoring

-   Sentry
-   New Relic
-   Logentries
-   Posthog

### Sentry

From error tracking to performance monitoring, developers can see what actually matters, solve quicker, and learn continuously about their applications - from the frontend to the backend.

See [documentation](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/ruby/guides/rails/)

[Demo](https://youtu.be/jBwYW1TotfQ)

### New Relic

[New Relic](https://youtu.be/l0niBGRWk-A) One helps engineers create more perfect software. Instrument, analyze, troubleshoot, and optimize your entire software stack.

See [documentation](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/agents/ruby-agent/installation/install-new-relic-ruby-agent/)

[Demo](https://youtu.be/c-joU6-wi8U)

### Logentries

The Fastest Way to Analyze Your Log Data. No complex setup. No waiting. Just answers.

See [documentation](https://docs.logentries.com/docs/ruby)

[Demo](https://docs.logentries.com/docs/ruby)

### Posthog

The platform for building better products. Analytics with autocapture, session recordings, feature flags, heatmaps and more. In a single product you can host yourself.

See [documentation](https://posthog.com/docs)

[Demo](https://posthog.com/docs/tutorials/feature-flags)
